java/PublishingEvents.md, before:

#Publishing Events with the Java client for Azure Event Hubs 

The vast majority of Event Hub applications using this and the other client libraries are and will be event publishers. 
And for most of these publishers, publishing events is extremely simple and handled with just a few API gestures.

##Getting Started

This library is available for use in Maven projects from the Maven Central Repository, and can be referenced using the
following dependency declaration inside of your Maven project file:    

```XML
    <dependency> 
   		<groupId>com.microsoft.azure</groupId> 
   		<artifactId>azure-eventhubs-clients</artifactId> 
   		<version>0.6.0</version> 
   	</dependency>   
 ```
 
 For different types of build environments, the latest released JAR files can also be [explicitly obtained from the 
 Maven Central Repository]() or from [the Release distribution point on GitHub]().  


For a simple event publisher, you'll need to import the *com.microsoft.azure.eventhubs* package for the Event Hub client classes
and the *com.microsoft.azure.servicebus* package for utility classes like common exceptions that are shared with the  
Azure Service Bus Messaging client. 
 
 
```Java
    import com.microsoft.azure.eventhubs.*;
    import com.microsoft.azure.servicebus.*;
```        

Using an Event Hub connection string, which holds all required connection information including an authorization key or token 
(see [Connection Strings](#connection-strings)), you then create an *EventHubClient* instance.   
   
```Java
    EventHubClient ehClient = EventHubClient.createFromConnectionString(str).get();
```

Once you have the client in hands, you can package any arbitrary payload as a plain array of bytes and send it. The samples 
we use to illustrate the functionality send a UTF-8 encoded JSON data, but you can transfer any format you wish. 

```Java
    EventData sendEvent = new EventData(payloadBytes);
    ehClient.send(sendEvent).get();
```
         
The entire client API is built for Java 8's concurrent task model, generally returning 
[*CompleteableFuture<T>*](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/concurrent/CompletableFuture.html), so the 
*.get()* suffixing the operations in the snippets above just wait until the respective operation is complete.

##AMQP 1.0
Azure Event Hubs allows for publishing events using the HTTPS and AMQP 1.0 protocols. The Azure Event Hub endpoints
also support AMQP over the WebSocket protocol, allowing event traffic to leverage the same outbound TCP port as 
HTTPS. 

This client library is built on top of the [Apache Qpid Proton-J]() libraries and supports AMQP, which is significantly 
more efficient at publishing event streams than HTTPS. AMQP 1.0 is an international standard published as ISO/IEC 19464:2014.  

AMQP is session-oriented and sets up the required addressing information and authorization information just once for each 
send link, while HTTPS requires doing so with each sent message. AMQP also has a compact binary format to express common 
event properties, while HTTPS requires passing message metadata in a verbose text format. AMQP can also keep a significant 
number of events "in flight" with asynchronous and robust acknowledgement flow, while HTTPS enforces a strict request-reply 
pattern.

AMQP 1.0 is a TCP based protocol. For Azure Event Hubs, all traffic *must* be protected using TLS (SSL) and is using 
TCP port 5672.  

The current release of Proton-J does not yet support the WebSocket protocol. If your event publishers routinely operate 
in environments where tunneling over the HTTPS TCP port 443 is required due to Firewall policy reasons, please refer to
the section [Publishing via HTTPS](#Publishing via HTTPS) below for a temporary alternative.         

##Connection Strings

Azure Event Hubs and Azure Service Bus share a common format for connection strings. A connection string holds all required
information to set up a connection with an Event Hub. The format is a simple property/value list of the form 
{property}={value} with pairs separated by ampersands (&). 

| Property              |  Description                                               |
|-----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------| 
| Endpoint              | URI for the Event Hubs namespace. Typically has the form *sb://{namespace}.servicebus.windows.net/*   |
| EntityPath            | Relative path of the Event Hub in the namespace. Commonly this is just the Event Hub name                   |  
| SharedAccessKeyName   | Name of a Shared Access Signature rule configured for the Event Hub or the Event Hub name. For publishers, the rule must include "Send" permissions. |
| SharedAccessKey       | Base64-encoded value of the Shared Access Key for the rule |
| SharedAccessSignature | A previously issued Shared Access Signature token          |
 
A connection string will therefore have the following form:

```
  Endpoint=sb://clemensveu.servicebus.windows.net&EntityPath=myeventhub&SharedAccessSignature=....
```

###Tokens
The preferred model for event publishers is to generate a token from the SAS rule key and give that to the publisher instead
of giving the direct access to the signing key. Tokens can be extremely short lived, for a few minutes, when a sender shall 
only obtain temporary send access to the Event Hub. They can also be very long-lived, for several months, when a sender needs
permanent send access to the Event Hub. When the key on which the token is based in invalidated, all tokens become invalid and
must be reissued. 

The generated token will be configured into the connection string with the *SharedAccessSignature* property.   
 
More information about Shared Access Signature in Service Bus and Event Hubs about about how to generate the required tokens 
in a range of languages [can be found on the Azure site.](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/service-bus-sas-overview/) 

The easiest way to obtain a token for development purposes is to copy the connection string from the Azure portal. These tokens
do include key name and key value outright. The portal does not issue tokens.

##Advanced Operations

The publisher example shown in the overview above sends an event into the Event Hub without further qualification. This is 
the preferred and most flexible and reliable option. For specific needs, Event Hubs offers two extra options to 
qualify send operations: Publisher policies and partion addressing.     

###Publisher Policies

To a publisher, a publisher policy is largely just a suffix appended to the Event Hub path, which has the form 

```
<event-hub-name>/publishers/<policyname>
```  

The name of of the policy is commonly chosen by the Event Hub owner, and might be the name of the publisher's account
or the identifier of a publishing device, or some randomly chosen string uniquely assigned to the sender. 

With publisher policies, the Event Hub owner will generally hold on to the signing key of a SAS rule conferring only "Send" 
permission, and issue a send-only token to the publisher as described in the [Tokens](#tokens) section above. This token is
scoped to the path shown above and can only be used to publish to this particular policy. 

The special functionality of the publisher policy is twofold:

* The Event Hub owner can issue a very long-lived token to the publisher whose expiration may be several months or even years 
  into the future. Should the owner suspect that the publisher has been compromised or acts maliciously, the Event Hub owner 
  can revoke access for this particular publisher instead of having to invalidate the signing key and thus revoking all tokens.
  The revocation gesture is an HTTPS management operation that is documented [here].
* Each event that is sent via a publisher policy has its PartitionKey property set, on the Event Hub side, to the publisher 
  name to prevent publisher spoofing. The publisher has no control over the value of this field when sending via a publisher
  policy. The property therefore serves as proof to the event consumer that the publisher was indeed in possesion of a valid 
  token for the publisher policy. The alternative to this mechanism is some form of digital signature applied to the payload. 
  
 There are some potential availability and reliability caveats associated with using punblisher policies that are discussed 
 in the following section about partition addressing.

###Partition Addressing

Any Event Hub's event store is split up into at least 4 partitions, each maintaining a separate event log. You can think 
of partitions like lanes on a highway. The more events the Event Hub needs to handle, the more lanes (partitions) you have 
to add. Each partition can handle at most the equivalent of 1 "throughput unit", equivalent to at most 1000 events per 
second and at most 1 Megabyte per second.

In some cases, publisher applications need to address partitions directly in order to pre-categorize events for consumption.
A partition is directly addressed either by using the partition's identifier or by using some string (partition key) that gets 
consistently hashed to a particular partition.

This capability, paired with a large number of partitions, may appear attractive for implementing a fine grained, per publisher 
subscription scheme similar to what Topics offer in Service Bus Messaging - but it's not at all how the capability should be used
and it's likely not going to yield satisfying results. 
 
Partition addressing is designed as a routing capability that consistently assigns events from the same sources to the same partition allowing 
downstream consumer systems to be optimized, but under the assumption of very many of such sources (hundreds, thousands) share 
the same partition. If you need fine-grained content-based routing, Service Bus Topics might be the better option. 

####Using Partition Keys

Of the two addressing options, the preferable one is to let the hash algorithm map the event to the appropriate partition.
The gesture is a straightforward extra override to the send operation supplying the partition key: 

```Java
    EventData sendEvent = new EventData(payloadBytes);
>   ehClient.send(sendEvent, partitionKey).get();
```
     
####Using Partition Ids

If you indeed need to target a specific partition, for instance because you must use a particular distribution strategy, 
you can send directly to the partition, but doing so requires an extra gesture so that you don't accidentally choose this
option. To send to a partition you explicitly need to create a client object that is tued to the partition as shown below:

```Java
    EventHubClient ehClient = EventHubClient.createFromConnectionString(str).get();
>	EventHubSender sender = ehClient.createPartitionSender("0").get();
    EventData sendEvent = new EventData(payloadBytes);
    sender.send(sendEvent).get();
```
 
####Special considerations for partitions and publisher policies

Using partitions or publisher policies (which are effectively a special kind of partition key) may impact throughput 
and availability of your Event Hub solution. 

When you do a regular send operation that does not prescribe a particular partition, the Event Hub will choose a 
partition at random, ensuring about equal distribution of events across partitions. Sticking with the above analogy, 
all highway lanes get the same traffic. 

If you explicitly choose the partition key or partition-id, it's up to you to take care that traffic is evenly 
distributed, otherwise you may end up with a traffic jam (in the form of throttling) on one partition while there's 
little or no traffic on another partition. 

Also, like every other aspect of distributed systems, the log storage backing any partition may rarely and briefly slow 
down or experience congestion. If you leave choosing the target partition for an event to Event Hubs, it can flexibly
react to such availability blips for publishers.        

Generally, you should *not* use partitioning as a traffic prioritization scheme, and you should *not* use it 
for fine grained assignment of particular kinds of events to a particular partitions. Partitions are a load 
distribution mechanism, not a filtering model.

Commit message:

Publisher policy doc section tabled until client adds support

java/PublishingEvents.md, after:

#Publishing Events with the Java client for Azure Event Hubs 

The vast majority of Event Hub applications using this and the other client libraries are and will be event publishers. 
And for most of these publishers, publishing events is extremely simple and handled with just a few API gestures.

##Getting Started

This library is available for use in Maven projects from the Maven Central Repository, and can be referenced using the
following dependency declaration inside of your Maven project file:    

```XML
    <dependency> 
   		<groupId>com.microsoft.azure</groupId> 
   		<artifactId>azure-eventhubs-clients</artifactId> 
   		<version>0.6.0</version> 
   	</dependency>   
 ```
 
 For different types of build environments, the latest released JAR files can also be [explicitly obtained from the 
 Maven Central Repository]() or from [the Release distribution point on GitHub]().  


For a simple event publisher, you'll need to import the *com.microsoft.azure.eventhubs* package for the Event Hub client classes
and the *com.microsoft.azure.servicebus* package for utility classes like common exceptions that are shared with the  
Azure Service Bus Messaging client. 
 
 
```Java
    import com.microsoft.azure.eventhubs.*;
    import com.microsoft.azure.servicebus.*;
```        

Using an Event Hub connection string, which holds all required connection information including an authorization key or token 
(see [Connection Strings](#connection-strings)), you then create an *EventHubClient* instance.   
   
```Java
    EventHubClient ehClient = EventHubClient.createFromConnectionString(str).get();
```

Once you have the client in hands, you can package any arbitrary payload as a plain array of bytes and send it. The samples 
we use to illustrate the functionality send a UTF-8 encoded JSON data, but you can transfer any format you wish. 

```Java
    EventData sendEvent = new EventData(payloadBytes);
    ehClient.send(sendEvent).get();
```
         
The entire client API is built for Java 8's concurrent task model, generally returning 
[*CompleteableFuture<T>*](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/concurrent/CompletableFuture.html), so the 
*.get()* suffixing the operations in the snippets above just wait until the respective operation is complete.

##AMQP 1.0
Azure Event Hubs allows for publishing events using the HTTPS and AMQP 1.0 protocols. The Azure Event Hub endpoints
also support AMQP over the WebSocket protocol, allowing event traffic to leverage the same outbound TCP port as 
HTTPS. 

This client library is built on top of the [Apache Qpid Proton-J]() libraries and supports AMQP, which is significantly 
more efficient at publishing event streams than HTTPS. AMQP 1.0 is an international standard published as ISO/IEC 19464:2014.  

AMQP is session-oriented and sets up the required addressing information and authorization information just once for each 
send link, while HTTPS requires doing so with each sent message. AMQP also has a compact binary format to express common 
event properties, while HTTPS requires passing message metadata in a verbose text format. AMQP can also keep a significant 
number of events "in flight" with asynchronous and robust acknowledgement flow, while HTTPS enforces a strict request-reply 
pattern.

AMQP 1.0 is a TCP based protocol. For Azure Event Hubs, all traffic *must* be protected using TLS (SSL) and is using 
TCP port 5672.  

The current release of Proton-J does not yet support the WebSocket protocol. If your event publishers routinely operate 
in environments where tunneling over the HTTPS TCP port 443 is required due to Firewall policy reasons, please refer to
the section [Publishing via HTTPS](#Publishing via HTTPS) below for a temporary alternative.         

##Connection Strings

Azure Event Hubs and Azure Service Bus share a common format for connection strings. A connection string holds all required
information to set up a connection with an Event Hub. The format is a simple property/value list of the form 
{property}={value} with pairs separated by ampersands (&). 

| Property              |  Description                                               |
|-----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------| 
| Endpoint              | URI for the Event Hubs namespace. Typically has the form *sb://{namespace}.servicebus.windows.net/*   |
| EntityPath            | Relative path of the Event Hub in the namespace. Commonly this is just the Event Hub name                   |  
| SharedAccessKeyName   | Name of a Shared Access Signature rule configured for the Event Hub or the Event Hub name. For publishers, the rule must include "Send" permissions. |
| SharedAccessKey       | Base64-encoded value of the Shared Access Key for the rule |
| SharedAccessSignature | A previously issued Shared Access Signature token          |
 
A connection string will therefore have the following form:

```
  Endpoint=sb://clemensveu.servicebus.windows.net&EntityPath=myeventhub&SharedAccessSignature=....
```

###Tokens
The preferred model for event publishers is to generate a token from the SAS rule key and give that to the publisher instead
of giving the direct access to the signing key. Tokens can be extremely short lived, for a few minutes, when a sender shall 
only obtain temporary send access to the Event Hub. They can also be very long-lived, for several months, when a sender needs
permanent send access to the Event Hub. When the key on which the token is based in invalidated, all tokens become invalid and
must be reissued. 

The generated token will be configured into the connection string with the *SharedAccessSignature* property.   
 
More information about Shared Access Signature in Service Bus and Event Hubs about about how to generate the required tokens 
in a range of languages [can be found on the Azure site.](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/service-bus-sas-overview/) 

The easiest way to obtain a token for development purposes is to copy the connection string from the Azure portal. These tokens
do include key name and key value outright. The portal does not issue tokens.

##Advanced Operations

The publisher example shown in the overview above sends an event into the Event Hub without further qualification. This is 
the preferred and most flexible and reliable option. For specific needs, Event Hubs offers two extra options to 
qualify send operations: Publisher policies and partion addressing.     

###Partition Addressing

Any Event Hub's event store is split up into at least 4 partitions, each maintaining a separate event log. You can think 
of partitions like lanes on a highway. The more events the Event Hub needs to handle, the more lanes (partitions) you have 
to add. Each partition can handle at most the equivalent of 1 "throughput unit", equivalent to at most 1000 events per 
second and at most 1 Megabyte per second.

In some cases, publisher applications need to address partitions directly in order to pre-categorize events for consumption.
A partition is directly addressed either by using the partition's identifier or by using some string (partition key) that gets 
consistently hashed to a particular partition.

This capability, paired with a large number of partitions, may appear attractive for implementing a fine grained, per publisher 
subscription scheme similar to what Topics offer in Service Bus Messaging - but it's not at all how the capability should be used
and it's likely not going to yield satisfying results. 
 
Partition addressing is designed as a routing capability that consistently assigns events from the same sources to the same partition allowing 
downstream consumer systems to be optimized, but under the assumption of very many of such sources (hundreds, thousands) share 
the same partition. If you need fine-grained content-based routing, Service Bus Topics might be the better option. 

####Using Partition Keys

Of the two addressing options, the preferable one is to let the hash algorithm map the event to the appropriate partition.
The gesture is a straightforward extra override to the send operation supplying the partition key: 

```Java
    EventData sendEvent = new EventData(payloadBytes);
>   ehClient.send(sendEvent, partitionKey).get();
```
     
####Using Partition Ids

If you indeed need to target a specific partition, for instance because you must use a particular distribution strategy, 
you can send directly to the partition, but doing so requires an extra gesture so that you don't accidentally choose this
option. To send to a partition you explicitly need to create a client object that is tued to the partition as shown below:

```Java
    EventHubClient ehClient = EventHubClient.createFromConnectionString(str).get();
>	EventHubSender sender = ehClient.createPartitionSender("0").get();
    EventData sendEvent = new EventData(payloadBytes);
    sender.send(sendEvent).get();
```

#### Publisher Policies

Event Hub Publisher Policies are not yet supported by this client and will be supported in a future release.
 
####Special considerations for partitions and publisher policies

Using partitions or publisher policies (which are effectively a special kind of partition key) may impact throughput 
and availability of your Event Hub solution. 

When you do a regular send operation that does not prescribe a particular partition, the Event Hub will choose a 
partition at random, ensuring about equal distribution of events across partitions. Sticking with the above analogy, 
all highway lanes get the same traffic. 

If you explicitly choose the partition key or partition-id, it's up to you to take care that traffic is evenly 
distributed, otherwise you may end up with a traffic jam (in the form of throttling) on one partition while there's 
little or no traffic on another partition. 

Also, like every other aspect of distributed systems, the log storage backing any partition may rarely and briefly slow 
down or experience congestion. If you leave choosing the target partition for an event to Event Hubs, it can flexibly
react to such availability blips for publishers.        

Generally, you should *not* use partitioning as a traffic prioritization scheme, and you should *not* use it 
for fine grained assignment of particular kinds of events to a particular partitions. Partitions are a load 
distribution mechanism, not a filtering model.
